
Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: n
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=20

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: n
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=20

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: n
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.28 seconds with restarts=3

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: n
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=20

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: n
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=20

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: n
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=20

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=143

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: m
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=95

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: m
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.29 seconds with restarts=47

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: m
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=47

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: m
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=71

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: m
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=143

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: n*m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=2860

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: n*m
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=1900

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: n*m
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.29 seconds with restarts=141

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: n*m
Success: inst16.dzn solved in 43.83 seconds with restarts=940

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: n*m
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=1420

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: n*m
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=2860

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: n+m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=163

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: n+m
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=115

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: n+m
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.30 seconds with restarts=50

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: n+m
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=67

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: n+m
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=91

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: n+m
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=163

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 2*n
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=40

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 2*n
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=40

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: 2*n
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.31 seconds with restarts=6

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: 2*n
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=40

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: 2*n
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=40

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: 2*n
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=40

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 2*m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=286

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 2*m
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=190

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: 2*m
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.29 seconds with restarts=94

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: 2*m
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=94

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: 2*m
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=142

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: 2*m
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=286

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 2*n*m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=5720

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 2*n*m
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=3800

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: 2*n*m
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.31 seconds with restarts=282

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: 2*n*m
Success: inst16.dzn solved in 52.89 seconds with restarts=1880

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: 2*n*m
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=2840

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: 2*n*m
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=5720

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 2*(n+m)
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=326

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 2*(n+m)
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=230

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: 2*(n+m)
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.31 seconds with restarts=100

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: 2*(n+m)
Success: inst16.dzn solved in 57.07 seconds with restarts=134

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: 2*(n+m)
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=182

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: 2*(n+m)
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=326

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 5*n
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=100

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 5*n
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=100

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: 5*n
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.30 seconds with restarts=15

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: 5*n
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=100

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: 5*n
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=100

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: 5*n
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=100

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 5*m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=715

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 5*m
inst12.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=475

Processing file: dzn_files/inst13.dzn with formula: 5*m
Success: inst13.dzn solved in 300.30 seconds with restarts=235

Processing file: dzn_files/inst16.dzn with formula: 5*m
inst16.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=235

Processing file: dzn_files/inst19.dzn with formula: 5*m
inst19.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=355

Processing file: dzn_files/inst21.dzn with formula: 5*m
inst21.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=715

Processing file: dzn_files/inst11.dzn with formula: 5*n*m
inst11.dzn ran but no solution was found within the time limit with restarts=14300

Processing file: dzn_files/inst12.dzn with formula: 5*n*m
